Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/backend-vault/properties/index.md

---
code: false
type: page
title: Properties
description: BackendVault class properties
---

# BackendVault

> The `BackendVault` class handle the secrets vault.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `BackendVault` class handles the secrets vault.  
```

It is accessible from the [Backend.config](/core/2/framework/classes/backend/properties#config) property.

See the [Secrets Vault](/core/2/guides/advanced/1-secrets-vault) guide.

## `key`

| Type                  | Description       | get / set |
|-----------------------|-------------------|-----------|

> | <pre>string</pre> | Secret key to decrypt encrypted secrets | set |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <pre>string</pre> | Secret key to decrypt encrypted values | set |
```

::: info

> This property is only available before application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is only available before the application is started.
```

:::

## `file`

| Type                  | Description       | get / set |
|-----------------------|-------------------|-----------|
| <pre>string</pre> | Path to the file containing encrypted secrets | set |

::: info

> This property is only available before application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is only available before the application is started.
```

:::

## `secrets`

| Type                  | Description       | get / set |
|-----------------------|-------------------|-----------|
| <pre>JSONObject</pre> | Decrypted secrets | get       |

::: info

> This property is only available after application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This property is only available after the application started up.
```
